Create 2020-02-05-equity-4-who.md (#391)
hyphacoop/organizing: _posts/informational-interviews/2020-02-05-equity-4-who.md

- Meaghan: read the guide, do have questions
    - fees and expenses? 5% for Hypha
    - not moving a lot of money. a couple thousand. quick turnaround.
    - doing fiscal sponsorship bc don't want to spend lots on lawyers
        - eager to minimize fees, but ack that there are costs. want to get as much as possible to recipients.
- ben: fiscal sponsorship overview + breakdown
    - fiscal sponsorship can mean a few things.
    - can be very heavy. taking on legal contracts like leases. NOT what we're doing
    - Hypha dealing in **donations, NOT services**. we're starting with support for no-strings donations, so no taxes need be charged. but using our system for transactions like selling event tickets would be different (taxes).
    - need records for payouts. claims can be through OC website. needs to submit receipts/invoices. accountant needs them.
    - meaghan: current = excel spreadsheet.
        - requested funds. uw email. $38,000 in backlog of requests. working through.
    - payout ways we currently use: bank transfer, and paypal.
    - pc: can we do e-transfer? bl: requires more clicking, and our bank is not great.

>         - #update confirmed later than only one member of our co-op (yj) can perform e-transfers, so that's too complicated for us.

Author: look right @benhylau?

Author: Confirmed: https://chat.tomesh.net/#/room/#hyphacoop-private:tomesh.net/$16125411951440nCENb:tomesh.net

    - bl: fees. **money in** = 5%. **money out** = no extra charge.
        - #update bl realized there were still processing charges on payout (which e-transfer may not have), but just minimum of payment platform, e.g. paypal (nothing taken by OC platform or Hypha host)
        - 5% breakdown
            - 15% of that 5% goes to our platform (OC)
            - ~85% of that 5% goes to our accountant

>             - ~10% to us (very low)

Author: @benhylau did i capture your realization properly (about money out costs)?

@benhylau also, my breakdown math doesn't add up. can you confirm how you explained?

Reviewer: 85% of that 5% goes to us mainly to pay our accountant

We do not know if we will operate at a loss or gain, our accountant bills by hour not a % of how much money gets processed.

Author: ```suggestion
    - bl: fees. **money in** = 5%. **money out** = no extra charge.
        - #update bl realized there were still processing charges on payout (which e-transfer may not have), but just minimum of payment platform, e.g. paypal (nothing taken by OC platform or Hypha host)
        - 5% breakdown
            - 15% of that 5% goes to our platform (OC)
            - ~85% of that 5% goes to us (all to accountant while we're low volume)
```
